update release notes for compose version v2.22.0 (#18252)
docker/docs: content/compose/release-notes.md

For more detailed information, see the [release notes in the Compose repo](https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/).

## 2.22.0
{{< release-date date="2023-09-21" >}}

> **Note**
>

> > `watch` command is now GA and can be directly used from the root command `docker compose watch`

Reviewer: @glours Thanks for the PR. Could you add a link to the Compose watch docs/CLI reference here?

Author: Done!

### Update
- Dependencies upgrade: bump golang to 1.21.1
- Dependencies upgrade: bump compose-go to v1.19.0
- Dependencies upgrade: bump buildkit to v0.12.2

### Bug fixes and enhancements

> - Added experimental support of `publish` command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added experimental support for the `publish` command.
```

> - `watch` now build and launch the project at start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The command `watch` now builds and launches the project during startup.
```

> - Add `policy` option to the `--pull` flag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `policy` option to the `--pull` flag
```

> - Fixed various race/deadlock conditions for `up` command on exit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed various race and deadlock conditions for `up` command on exit.
```

> - Fixed for multi-plaform issues on build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed multi-platform issues on build.
```

> - Enabled services explicitly requested even if their `profiles` aren't activated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enabled services that are explicitly requested even when their `profiles` aren't activated.
```

> - Fixed `config` bug when declared `env_file` are missing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed  a `config` issue when the declared `env_file` is missing.
```

> - Passed BuildOptions to `up` and `run` commands 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Passed BuildOptions to `up` and `run` commands.
```

For more detailed information, see the [release notes in the Compose repo](https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/).

## 2.22.0
{{< release-date date="2023-09-21" >}}

> **Note**
>

> > `watch` command is now GA and can be directly used from the root command `docker compose watch`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `watch` command is now generally available (GA). You can directly use it from the root command `docker compose watch`.
```

> > [Check official documentation of the watch feature](./file-watch.md) for more details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For more information, see [File watch](./file-watch.md).
```
